## Gas (mana) Optimization Report by K42

### Possible Optimization in LlamaRelativeQuorum.sol
Scope = https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-06-llama/blob/main/src/strategies/LlamaRelativeQuorum.sol

Possible Optimization = https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-06-llama/blob/main/src/strategies/LlamaRelativeQuorum.sol#LL129C1-L134C1
-- The contract currently uses mappings to store roles that can force an action to be approved or disapproved. This is a bit inefficient as it requires more gas for storage, therefore to optimize further and save gas, we can use a bitmap to store these roles. This would significantly reduce the gas cost for storage operations.
To do this change ``mapping(uint8 => bool) public forceApprovalRole;
mapping(uint8 => bool) public forceDisapprovalRole;`` to ``uint256 public forceApprovalRolesBitmap;
uint256 public forceDisapprovalRolesBitmap;`` then use like so: setting a role ``
forceApprovalRolesBitmap |= (1 << role);
forceDisapprovalRolesBitmap |= (1 << role);``
And checking a role
``bool isForceApprovalRole = ((forceApprovalRolesBitmap >> role) & 1) == 1;
bool isForceDisapprovalRole = ((forceDisapprovalRolesBitmap >> role) & 1) == 1;``

- Estimated gas saved =  5,000 to 20,000 gas per operation.

### Possible Optimization in LlamaAccount.sol
Scope = https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-06-llama/blob/main/src/accounts/LlamaAccount.sol
Possible Optimization = https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-06-llama/blob/main/src/accounts/LlamaAccount.sol#LL147C1-L150C4
-- The ``transferNativeToken`` function checks if the recipient is the zero address. This check is redundant because the ``sendValue`` function from OpenZeppelin's Address library already includes a check to prevent sending value to the zero address. Removing this check would save gas.
Change ``function transferNativeToken(NativeTokenData calldata nativeTokenData) public onlyLlama {
    if (nativeTokenData.recipient == address(0)) revert ZeroAddressNotAllowed();
    nativeTokenData.recipient.sendValue(nativeTokenData.amount);
}`` to ``function transferNativeToken(NativeTokenData calldata nativeTokenData) public onlyLlama {
    nativeTokenData.recipient.sendValue(nativeTokenData.amount);
}`` this will save you some gas. 

- Estimated gas saved = 5,000 to 10,000 gas per transaction.

- Other than that, the other contracts are well optimized and are looking efficient. 